<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"  xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en">
<head>
    <title>End of Chapter Extended Image Descriptions</title>

    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8" />
    <meta name="charset" content="utf-8" />

    <link href="../Styles/styles.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" />

</head>

<body style="max-width: 40em;">
<div>
    <h1>Extended Image Descriptions</h1>
         <h2 id="image1-extended-desc" role="doc-footnote" >Figure 1 - Footnote with role=doc-backlink</h2>
            <p>Further information about this "Blastulation" image is
                <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:Blastulation.png" target="_BLANK">available at Wikipedia</a> (Public Domain).
            </p>
            <a  role="doc-backlink" href="testFootnoteEndChapter.xhtml#image1">Navigate back to the (3)  "Blastulation" image. (role=doc-backlink)</a>
        <hr />   
        
         <h2 id="image2-extended-desc" role="doc-footnote">Figure 2 - Footnote with role=doc-backlink</h2>
            <p>
              The blastocyst consists of an outer layer of cells called the trophoblast, a fluid-filled cavity, and an inner cell mass called the embryoblast. </p><p>Further information about this "Blastocyst" image is <a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Image:Blastocyst.png" target="_BLANK">available at Wikipedia</a> (GNU Free Documentation License).</p>
            <a  role="doc-backlink" href="testFootnoteEndChapter.xhtml#image2">Navigate back to the (3) "Blastocyst" image. (role=doc-backlink)</a>
        <hr />
    </div>
    
         <h2 id="image1-b-extended-desc">Figure 1 - Links</h2>
            <p>Further information about this "Blastulation" image is
                <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:Blastulation.png" target="_BLANK">available at Wikipedia</a> (Public Domain).
            </p>
            <a href="testLinksOnlyEndChapter.xhtml#image1">Navigate back to the (4) "Blastulation" image.</a>
        <hr />   
        
         <h2 id="image2-b-extended-desc">Figure 2 - Links</h2>
            <p>
              The blastocyst consists of an outer layer of cells called the trophoblast, a fluid-filled cavity, and an inner cell mass called the embryoblast. </p><p>Further information about this "Blastocyst" image is <a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Image:Blastocyst.png" target="_BLANK">available at Wikipedia</a> (GNU Free Documentation License).</p>
            <a href="testLinksOnlyEndChapter.xhtml#image2">Navigate back to the (4) "Blastocyst" image.</a>
        <hr />
    
 </body>

</html>