<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" lang="en">
  <head>
    <meta name="identifier" content="book_71629160180" />
    <title>MathML Sample (mathML Only) Navigation</title>
  </head>
  <body>
    <section xmlns="" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:type="frontmatter">
      <section xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" id="bookshare_note" epub:type="notice">
        <h1 id="bks_notice_001">NOTICE</h1>
        <p id="COPYRIGHT_LEGALESE_0">This accessible media has been made available to people with bona fide disabilities that affect reading.  This
      notice tells you about restrictions on the use of this accessible media, which could be a book, a periodical, or other content.</p>
        <section id="COPYRIGHT_LEGALESE_1" epub:type="notice">
          <h2 id="COPYRIGHT_LEGALESE_2">Copyright Notice</h2>
          <p id="COPYRIGHT_LEGALESE_3">
            <strong id="COPYRIGHT_LEGALESE_4">Title:</strong>
            <span class="text" id="COPYRIGHT_LEGALESE_5">MathML Only</span>
          </p>
          <p id="COPYRIGHT_LEGALESE_6">
            <strong id="COPYRIGHT_LEGALESE_7">Author:</strong>
            <span class="text" id="COPYRIGHT_LEGALESE_8">Math Task Force</span>
          </p>
          <p id="COPYRIGHT_LEGALESE_9">
            <strong id="COPYRIGHT_LEGALESE_10">Copyright</strong>
            <span class="text" id="COPYRIGHT_LEGALESE_11">2018 by DIAGRAM</span>
          </p>
          <p id="COPYRIGHT_LEGALESE_12">This notice is not part of the copyrighted work, which begins below after the phrase "Begin Content".</p>
          <p id="COPYRIGHT_LEGALESE_13">Bookshare distributes this accessible media under restrictions set forth either in copyright law or in an
        agreement with the copyright owner.  If you are not a person with a print disability, or an agency serving
        people with print disabilities, you should not use this accessible media and should destroy this content.  You
        are not allowed to redistribute content derived from this accessible media to anybody else, with one exception:
        we allow hardcopy Braille books prepared from Accessible Media to be provided to other blind people.</p>
          <p id="COPYRIGHT_LEGALESE_14">Access to accessible media through Bookshare is a valuable right and privilege.  Protect this access for the
        print disabled community by complying with these restrictions!</p>
          <p id="COPYRIGHT_LEGALESE_15">You, your parents, or your school (or agency) signed a Bookshare agreement.  For the full text of the current
        version of the Member Agreements, please visit www.bookshare.org/Agreements.  This information in this accessible
        media file does not in any way change the terms of your Agreement with Bookshare.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="COPYRIGHT_LEGALESE_16" epub:type="notice">
          <h2 id="COPYRIGHT_LEGALESE_17">Limitation of Liability; Indemnity by User</h2>
          <p id="COPYRIGHT_LEGALESE_18">Most authors and publishers do not have control over the content available through Bookshare.  By downloading and
        using this material, you agree that neither Bookshare nor the authors or original publishers of the materials
        shall be financially responsible for any loss or damage to you or any third parties caused by the failure or
        malfunction of the Bookshare Web Site (www.bookshare.org) or because of any inaccuracy or lack of completeness
        of any content that you download from the Web Site.</p>
          <p id="COPYRIGHT_LEGALESE_19">BOOKSHARE, AND THE AUTHORS, PUBLISHERS AND COPYRIGHT OWNERS OF THE MATERIALS, SHALL NOT IN ANY CASE BE LIABLE FOR
        DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER
        LEGAL THEORY, IN CONNECTION WITH OR ARISING OUT OF THE FURNISHING OF CONTENT, THE FUNCTIONING OF THE WEB SITE,
        OR ANY OTHER ASPECT OF YOUR USE OF THE WEB SITE AND THE CONTENTS PROVIDED HEREUNDER.</p>
          <p id="COPYRIGHT_LEGALESE_20">You agree to indemnify and hold Bookshare and Benetech, the Web Site provider, harmless from any liability,
        loss, cost, damage or expense, including reasonable attorney's fees, that result from any claim made by any
        author, publisher or copyright owner that you, or any one acquiring copies of copyrighted materials downloaded
        from the Web Site through you, is not print disabled or otherwise entitled to download and use the digital
        materials from the Bookshare Web Site.  This indemnity includes any claims arising out of any breach of your
        obligations under your Member Agreement, whether by reason of misuse, negligence or otherwise.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="COPYRIGHT_LEGALESE_21" epub:type="notice">
          <h2 id="COPYRIGHT_LEGALESE_22">Permitted Use; Limited Waiver of Privacy Principles and Laws</h2>
          <p id="COPYRIGHT_LEGALESE_23">You are permitted under this restricted license to use this digital copy for your own personal use.  However,
        any further reproduction, distribution, or any commercial usage requires the express, prior consent of the
        copyright holder.</p>
          <p id="COPYRIGHT_LEGALESE_24">This material contains digital watermarks and fingerprints designed to identify this material as a Bookshare
        digital material that was specifically downloaded by you.  It is generally illegal to delete or modify these
        watermarks and fingerprints, as well as being in violation of the terms of your Member Agreement.  Your
        Member Agreement expressly authorizes us to include these security devices, solely for this use, as an express
        exception to current and future privacy laws relating to protection of personal information data.  Should any
        future privacy law or regulation preclude the use of this personal data for purposes of tracking the downloading
        and use of these materials and enforcing the limitations of relevant copyright law or the Member Agreement,
        your right to use these materials will terminate on the effective date of any such law or regulation.</p>
          <p id="COPYRIGHT_LEGALESE_25">This material was downloaded by Charles LaPierre and is digitally fingerprinted in the manner described above.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="COPYRIGHT_LEGALESE_26" epub:type="notice">
          <h2 id="COPYRIGHT_LEGALESE_27">Book Quality</h2>
          <p id="COPYRIGHT_LEGALESE_28">Bookshare is interested in improving book quality over time, if you can help us by providing any book quality
        feedback, we'll work hard to make those changes and republish the books.</p>
          <ul id="COPYRIGHT_LEGALESE_29">
            <li id="COPYRIGHT_LEGALESE_30">
              <a href="http://www.bookshare.org/bookQualityFeedback?titleInstanceId=1892070" external="true" id="COPYRIGHT_LEGALESE_31">Report book quality issue</a>
            </li>
            <li id="COPYRIGHT_LEGALESE_32">
              <a href="http://www.bookshare.org/bookQualityFeedback" external="true" id="COPYRIGHT_LEGALESE_33">See all reported book quality issues</a>
            </li>
          </ul>
        </section>
        <p id="COPYRIGHT_LEGALESE_34">BEGIN CONTENT</p>
      </section>
    </section>
    <nav xmlns:ns0="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" ns0:type="toc" role="doc-toc">
      <ol>
        <li>
          <a href="epub-math.xhtml">Background Information</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="epub-math-examples.xhtml">Examples</a>
        </li>
      </ol>
    </nav>
  </body>
</html>

